feat: clarify behavior and direct output order of joins (#803)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/relations/logical_relations.md

| Inputs               | 2                                                            |
| Outputs              | 1                                                            |
| Property Maintenance | Distribution is maintained. Orderedness is empty post operation. |

> | Input Order          | The input order is the left input followed by the emit order of the right input. All field references of [Cross Product Properties](#cross-product-properties) are over this order. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Input Order          | The input order is the left input followed by the the right input. All field references of [Cross Product Properties](#cross-product-properties) are over this order. |
```

Nit: minor inconsistency between left & right

Let's avoid `emit order` when defining `Input Order`.  Or we could say `emit order of the left input followed by emit order of the right input` but I think "emit has been applied" is implicit at this point so we can just leave it out.

| Inputs               | 2                                                            |
| Outputs              | 1                                                            |
| Property Maintenance | Distribution is maintained. Orderedness is empty post operation. Physical relations may provide better property maintenance. |

> | Direct Input Order   | The direct input order is the left input followed by the emit order of the right input. All field references of [Join Properties](#join-properties) are over this order. |

Reviewer 2: If you think this needs a clarification here, we should probably add the same for `CrossRel`. Also, I think calling it `Input Order` should be sufficient as there're not multiple ways for operators to get inputs.

Author: Done. Thank you for suggestions!

| Inputs               | 2                                                            |
| Outputs              | 1                                                            |
| Property Maintenance | Distribution is maintained. Orderedness is empty post operation. Physical relations may provide better property maintenance. |

> | Input Order          | The input order is the left input followed by the emit order of the right input. All field references of [Join Properties](#join-properties) are over this order. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Input Order          | The input order is the left input followed by the right input. All field references of [Join Properties](#join-properties) are over this order. |
```

| Outer | Return all records from both the left and right inputs. For each cross input match, return a record including the data from both sides. For any remaining non-match records, return the record from the corresponding input along with nulls for the opposite input. |
| Left  | Return all records from the left input. For each cross input match, return a record including the data from both sides. For any remaining non-matching records from the left input, return the left record along with nulls for the right input. |
| Right | Same as *Left* except that the right and left inputs are switched. |
| Left Semi | Returns records from the left input. These are returned only if the records have a join partner on the right side. |
| Right Semi | Same as *Left Semi* except that the right and left inputs are switched. |
| Left Anti  | Return records from the left input. These are returned only if the records do not have a join partner on the right side. |
| Right Anti | Same as *Left Anti* except that the right and left inputs are switched. |

> | Left Single | Return all records from the left input with no join expansion.  If there exists exactly one record from the right input matches the left, return the matching record from the right input. For any left records without matching right records, return the left record along with nulls for the right input. Otherwise, runtime error. Similar to a left outer join but only returns one right match at most. Useful for nested sub-queries where we need exactly one record in output (or throw exception).  See Section 3.2 of https://15721.courses.cs.cmu.edu/spring2018/papers/16-optimizer2/hyperjoins-btw2017.pdf for more information. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Left Single | Return all records from the left input with no join expansion.  If there exactly one record from the right input matches the left, return the matching record from the right input. For any left records without matching right records, return the left record along with nulls for the right input. If any left records match multiple right records, it is a runtime error. Similar to a left outer join but only returns one right match at most. Useful for nested sub-queries where we need exactly one record in output (or return an error).  See Section 3.2 of https://15721.courses.cs.cmu.edu/spring2018/papers/16-optimizer2/hyperjoins-btw2017.pdf for more information. |
```

Minor nits
